#1294 | adding section documenting ssh security group (#11)
CESNET/eInfra-docs: topics/compute/openstack/docs/additional-information/security-groups.md

Security rules in OpenStack serve as a Firewall. They are applied directly on VM ports and therefore proper configuration is necessary. Ingress as well as egress rules can be configured using Horizon and CLI. If you can't connect via SSH or ping your instance, chances are it is because of security rules.

> Every OpenStack project contains the `default` security group containing set of egress rules (in the Horizon, refer to `Project / Network / Security Groups`). If you delete default egress rules, your virtual machine will not be able to send outgoing communication. To fix this, add a new egress rule with *any* IP protocol and port range, set Remote IP prefix to *0.0.0.0/0* (IPv4) or *::/0* (IPv6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every OpenStack project contains the `default` security group containing set of egress rules only (in the Horizon, refer to `Project / Network / Security Groups`). Egress rules allow outgoing communication to your virtual machine. There is also pre-generated security group `ssh` which (in addition to `default` security group) allows also ingress SSH traffic.
```

> Every OpenStack project contains the `default` security group containing set of egress rules (in the Horizon, refer to `Project / Network / Security Groups`). If you delete default egress rules, your virtual machine will not be able to send outgoing communication. To fix this, add a new egress rule with *any* IP protocol and port range, set Remote IP prefix to *0.0.0.0/0* (IPv4) or *::/0* (IPv6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every OpenStack project contains the `default` security group containing only set of egress rules (in the Horizon, refer to `Project / Network / Security Groups`). Egress rules which are part of `default` security group allow your virtual server to establish outgoing communication.
```

> Every OpenStack project contains the `default` security group containing only set of egress rules (in the Horizon, refer to `Project / Network / Security Groups`). If you accidently delete default egress rules, your virtual machine will not be able to send outgoing communication. To fix this, add a new egress rule with *any* IP protocol and port range, set Remote IP prefix to *0.0.0.0/0* (IPv4) or *::/0* (IPv6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every OpenStack project contains the `default` security group containing only set of egress rules (in the Horizon, refer to `Project / Network / Security Groups`). If you accidentally delete default egress rules, your virtual machine will not be able to send outgoing communication. To fix this, add a new egress rule with *any* IP protocol and port range, set Remote IP prefix to *0.0.0.0/0* (IPv4) or *::/0* (IPv6).
```
